okay we are in line waiting for the
iPhones I think they just started a
second line because the first line is
over there
[Music]
people about walking out of the App
Store
[Music]
empathy designed by Apple Inc hello
darkness miles but made in China
[Music]
activating so if you guys wonder about
the price we just came to the Apple
store yesterday what's the first day of
sales and I thought that if we come in
the first day we're not gonna get it but
we just came we stood in line for about
an hour and a half and yeah we got the
iPhones they didn't have white iPhones
with 256 gigs but we're able to get the
black ones so I don't mind because once
you put on the cover you're not actually
able to tell whether it's a black or
white iPhone setting up face ad get
started and now he tells me to nod my
head ready
move move your head slowly to complete
the circle well is setting up I'm gonna
show you my old home my old Ronis iPhone
6s and I feel that the screen on the new
iPhone is a little smaller like looking
at both of them at one time makes me
think that this is actually better
because this has a lot of space without
the screen here and here and then it
takes a lot of your space in your arm
and doesn't feel comfortable holding it
now when my phone is all set up I wanted
to test the camera and you're gonna see
what's the difference in the camera I
would say just by saying this what's
going on in the screen I would say that
this one's brighter you might be able to
notice that this one is clear oh by the
way funny thing in an Apple Store if the
salesperson says iPhone X I think they
get what punished for that because
yesterday he kept correcting himself
when he said iPhone X was like No
sorry iPhone 10 the most awaited
innovation oh wow this is so funny guys
you can try like they have some anymore
just like people passing by my like what
is so funny you can too like yeah this
is like the innovation the most advanced
innovation of 2017 is that you get a
talking piece of wait wink wink
wait baby haha look at how the camera
works now you're gonna see yourself on
the camera say hi
look how fast it adopts I love the focus
it's pretty clear really crisp image and
I can go like us close is that to the
car to the flower and I can go as
closest this to the camera and it's
pretty cool and then if we do the
portrait function look how the
background is getting blurry it's been
three days since I've been using my
iPhone and I wanted to test it in a
video mode I see that it's still really
shaky compared to my canon g7x but you
guys need to see the real picture so
this is frontal camera shooting in 4k
yeah
so I would say if you're switching from
iPhone plus you would totally notice
that the screen is smaller and it really
irritates me and when I'm at home I'm
still using my old phone which is 6s
plus because I feel the screen is bigger
many apps are still not adapted for the
screen and when I'm using it for example
for messages and telegram I realized
that the letters are too small and my
eyes have to really make an effort to
read I don't know I think it's the
matter of getting used to it but if you
have problems with the eyes if you're
used to big screens iPhone X is you know
might be a challenge for you in the
first couple of days
[Music]
in general I would say the camera is
great
I took my iphone for a walk on Manhattan
Beach in LA and it made a couple of cool
pictures one of them scored the highest
number of likes on my Instagram the one
taken over my head and vision I'm really
surprised and the porter mode oh my god
it's amazing
a big big pro of this iPhone is swiping
I love swiping I swipe all the time and
when I use my old iPhone I want to swipe
but I can't so this is a really cool
innovation that I adore Oh a big big big
big a big a big pearl on this iPhone the
battery life is amazing yesterday I took
it with me and it lasted the whole day
first time in my life and you should
know that I used my iPhone all the time
I check Instagram I'm on messengers I
check my emails I take photos and yes it
survived the whole day it died the
minute I stepped into my apartment but
it lasted for the whole day which is 2x
longer than my previous phone in general
I would say this is a great thing
oh by the way the wind is blowing like
crazy right now I don't know whether you
can hear that but that's another test
for the mic if you love new things
totally get it if you are switching from
your iPhone 7 or iPhone 6 and you're
like don't know whether you should do it
I would say don't do it right now I
would wait for another one maybe with
bigger screen let me know what you think
about the new iPhone and don't forget to
subscribe to my channel because I'm
gonna see it in the next videos and this
way you're not gonna miss my next video
see ya bye bye
[Music]